

There's 3 characters and 1 storyteller there. Right now 2 songs are done, first and last ones.

There's 3 characters:
1. A young
2. A frined of a young
3. An old

It's inspired by an episode from biography of Beethoven for children I read, when the story ends, there was an episode, Schubert visited him when he got sick and Beethoven was happy about that. He said to Schubert, "next is your turn." As you might expect, he died soon after. But Schubert didn't live long after that. That was only about a year and a half later, when Schubert died. Yeah, he died young, even considering his age.
I can't find that episode anywhere else in that book. So I don't know if it's true or not. But I didn't want to write a strictly factually accurate biography, so it doesn't really matter. Well, it's true, Schubert respected Beethoven, he was famous in his time too.
The exact timeline is different in real anyway, I wanted to create a bigger contrast, so I messed around with it a bit.

The speakers in the two songs I already made are different. The first song is by a younger and the last song is by a friend of a younger. 
The brief designs about other songs are:
1st: A young is sad about his situation.
2nd: A friend brings a letter from an old sir, who a young respects.
3rd: An old sighed that it would be better, if we could meet more faster.(I haven't thought about this in detail yet, maybe it will be connect the second and fourth ones. So it might be changed later.)
4th: A song by a young, he sings how much he wanted to meet him. The lyric starts with "I lived until today to see you"
5th: Duet with a young and an old, starts with "Ah, you are my hope and also my joy"
6th: It's time to say goodbye, all three of them are here.
7th: It's been a little over two years since then. A spring came now but it looks like a young died in last winter. This song is by a friend and it starts with the same melody as the first song, but with the minor key changed to a major key.

In German, it's natural for a adjectives to be used as nouns with articles (in which case the adjective starts with a capital letter, just like the noun), but I don't know if this is OK in English. I didn't make names for them and I was just making a distinction like this. If it's weird in English, please tell me a better way.
This is actually a project I came up with a long time ago and left unfinished. At that time, I was only thinking about the fourth and fifth ones, the other ones I made as supplements since I'm aboout to do this now. The next one I complete will most likely be the fourth one. Then fifth. I'm going to make about storyteller last, after did everything then I'll make his parts as supplements. It would be explain the gaps.
I don't know when I'll finish even this one project, but if I gain experience from this, maybe I can finish the next one faster. This is about completing something old, so it's more difficult too. Well, it's just what I hope though.

Also, this is like a story within a story, they do roleplaying here. A young(Carl, Tenor), A friend of a young(Michael, Tenor), An old(Robert, Bariton), A storyteller(Franz, Tenor). It is decided who will play what voice part, this won't change if they appear elsewhere. (Because it's a same guy.) In other place, if there's Carl there, his part must be Tenor, like that.
Right now, that's all I can say for now. I'll end it here. 